# Dungeon-Game-CSCI145-W20-

Name: Dante Bianco

Description: In this game, the player finds themselves in a dungeon that consists of many interconnected rooms. Inside each room lies some sort of encounter: a bag of gold, a healing elixir, or different monsters that will attack you. The player begins with 0 gold pieces (gp) and some amount of hit points (hp). The objective is to collect 100 gp (to pay the evil professor!) before the player's hp drops to 0.
The player's class (Warrior or Thief) is selected at the start of the game, before their first turn. The player's class determines the starting amount of hp, how much gp they receive, and how much damage their attack causes. A Warrior starts with 100 hp, receives the normal amount of gp, and attacks for 15 damage. A Thief starts with only 70 hp and attacks for 10 damage, but receives 20% extra gp.
The player will start at one corner of the dungeon (your choice). Each turn, the game will display the dungeon map, the players current gp, and current hp. The dungeon map shows the walls of the dungeon, the player’s current location (W for warrior, T for thief), and marks any visited rooms. Then, the player will be prompted to move up, down, left, or right. A player can move into visited and unvisited rooms, but cannot move through the walls.
An encounter occurs whenever a player enters an unvisited room. The type of encounter is random. If the encounter is not loot, it is a monster! There are 4 different types of monsters, and each has different hp and max damage: a Goblin [6 hp, 10 dmg]; a Zombie [12 hp, 15 dmg]; an Orc [18 hp, 20 dmg]; and a Deneke [55 hp, 5 dmg]. When encountering a monster, the player can either attack or run each turn. If the player attacks, the monster attacks first, then the player. A monster’s damage each attack is random, up to their max damage. The encounter continues as long as the monster isn’t dead, and the player can again choose to either attack or run. When the player runs, the monster still gets an attack in. If the player’s hp ever drops to 0, however, then game is over and the player loses.
Whenever the encounter is loot – a bag of gold or a healing elixir – the player will automatically pick up the loot. The amount of gold / healing is also random (but should be reasonable). Unfortunately, healing elixirs cannot increase the player’s maximum hp. But if the looted gold takes the character over 100 gp, the game is over and the player wins!
